onBinChange documentation (#106)
mercadopago/sdk-js: API/bricks/payment.md

|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------|--------------|-----|----|
| `onReady` | It is called when the brick finishes loading | **REQUIRED** | `void` | `void` |
| `onError` | It is called when there is an error in the Brick | **REQUIRED** |  `BrickError` | `void` |
| `onSubmit` | It is called when the user clicks on the submit button | **OPTIONAL** | `PaymentFormData`, `AdditionalData` | `Promise<void>` | 

> | `onBinChange` | It is called when the user fills in the card's BIN | **OPTIONAL** |  `bin` | `void` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onBinChange` | It is called when the user fills or update card's BIN (first 8 digits) | **OPTIONAL** |  `bin` | `void` |
```

```ts
{
    selectedPaymentMethod: 'credit_card' | 'debit_card' | 'ticket' | 'bank_transfer' | 'wallet_purchase';
    formData: CardData | TicketData | BankTransferData | WalletPurchaseData;
}
```
<br />

> > Note: The objects `CardData`, `TicketData` and `BankTransferData` can be processed directly to the Mercado Pago `payment` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The objects `CardData`, `TicketData` and `BankTransferData` could be directly sent to Mercado Pago `payment` API for processing.
```

}
```

<br />

`TicketData`

<br />

```ts
{
    'payment_method_id': string,
    'transaction_amount': number,
    'payer': {
        'email': string,
        'identification': {
                'type': string,
                'number': string
        }
        'first_name': string,
        'last_name': string,
        'address': {
            'city': string,
            'federal_unit': string,
            'neighborhood': string,
            'street_name': string,
            'street_number': string,
            'zip_code': string
        }
    }
}
```

<br />

`BankTransferData`

<br />

```ts
{
    'payment_method_id': string,
    'transaction_amount': number,
    'payer': {
        'email': string
    }
}
```

`WalletPurchaseData`

<br />

```ts
null

> ```

Reviewer: Está bien esto? 
Les parece necesario tipificarlo y documentarlo si siempre es null? 🤔

Author: creo que es bueno hacer asi para que el integrador saiba que en el caso de Wallet nunca tendra datos a esperar.
